Challenge Accepted
Developers: Erik Andreasson, Dennis Molund, Amanda Axelsson, Jacob Carlquist

#The IOS Application "Challenge Accepted"

It's a social app where you challenge your friends with challenges you have created. 
For each challenge you complete you get points. A challenge could be anything between 
doing 10 pushups and asking a stranger for their number.

CHALLENGES
The challenge page has a table view with challenges that have been sent to your profile. 
Challenges can have 5 different states: Done, Accepted, Denied, Unread and pending. 
To show this we’re gonna have 4 different icons in the cell depending on what state the 
challenge is in ,Done becomes gray and unclickable, and has no icon. Unread has a yellow 
exclamation point icon. Completed has a green checkmark icon, and pending has a blue hourglass icon.

Done state means that the challenge is completed and finished. This will appear after a user has finished a challenge.
Accepted means that a friend that you have sent a challenge to have chosen to accept your challenge.
Unread means that you have not read that challenge/ not accepted or denied it yet.
Pending means that you have created and sent a challenge to a friend but you have not got an answer yet.


CREATE CHALLENGE
the create a challenge page is where you make challenges and send them to your friends. 
Step one: name your challenge. 
Step two: write the description of what the challenge is. 
Step three: send to one or more of your facebook friends. 
Step 4: wait for your challenge to be completed and then choose if that person has done the 
challenge correctly and deserve points or if they should try again or don’t do it at all.


POINTS/SCOREBOARD
The point system is easy. You earn 10 points for each person that completes your 
challenge and 100 points if you complete a challenge. Each user has a scoreboard with 
all their friends and their points.

FACEBOOK/PROFILE
Users profiles will be connected to their facebook page because it makes it easier 
to challenge their friends. Firstname, lastname and friends are the main things that
will be taken from facebook. By using facebook the sign up/login process will be very 
smooth and it is very important that things are not too complicated because then people 
will not use the app. 

On the profile page the user is able to see their total earned score and personal information
about them. There will also be an avatar on the profile page(it could be the profile picture from facebook). 
